chore: deprecate increment based message stats (#14930)
shopware/platform: UPGRADE-6.8.md

The Store API route `/store-api/document/download` returns now a standard Shopware domain exception with status code `404` and the code `DOCUMENT_FILETYPE_UNAVAILABLE` when the document has no generated document with the requested mime type, instead of returning a `204` status code.

## Removal of `/api/_info/queue.json` endpoint

> The deprecated `/api/_info/queue.json` endpoint has been removed. You may `/api/_info/message-stats.json` as alternative to get statistics for message queues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `/api/_info/queue.json` endpoint has been removed.
You may want to use `/api/_info/message-stats.json` as alternative to get statistics for message queues.

```
